If you are interested, remember to come and see.
You have a cavity in your upper tooth.
Looks a little clingy
Why haven't you been treated?
Because I have a sweet tooth.
But afraid of surgery
So I kept dragging and didn't dare to come to the hospital
Seventh brother, I don't want to go to the hospital
Let alone surgery
Grandpa said Mom just fell on the operating table
What's wrong with Dr. Lu?
Ah, nothing.
Your cavities
Has severely affected other dental nerves
Must be cured as soon as possible
Don't worry.
At that time, I will personally give you a stable treatment.
Don't be afraid.
Oh, I see.
Thank you doctor
His condition
Why do you think so with your little sister when you were a child?
There will be an error in the test report.
She's not our sister at all.
Dr. Ye
I just handed you a sample as a nurse
Please help me with a DNA test
No, I have to tell my brother about this ASAP.